Emphasize differences in copr related permissions (#857)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/upstream/copr_build.md

* [**srpm_build_deps**](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration#srpm_build_deps)

## Using a custom Copr project
When using a custom Copr project (by specifying `project` and `owner`) you need to:

>   - allow Packit to access your custom Copr project,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - allow Packit to build in your custom Copr project,
```

Reviewer: and I would use the same for the subheader

>   - allow builds from your project forge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - allow builds from your forge project.
```
